# cs1730-editor

This repository contains the skeleton code for the Editor project assigned to
the students in the Fall 2015 CSCI 1730 class at the University of Georgia. 

**Please read the entirety of this file before beginning your project.**

## Due Date

This project is due on Friday 2015-10-16 @ 11:55 PM.

## Academic Honesty

You implicitly agree to Academic Honesty policy as outlined in the course 
syllabus and course website.

In accordance with the notice above, I must caution you **not** to fork this
repository on GitHub if you have an account. Doing so will more than likely make
your copy of the project publicly visible. Please follow the instructions 
contained in the Resources section below in order to do your development on
<code>nike</code>.

## Project Description

Your goal is to implement a basic text editor in C++ using system calls for 
low-level file I/O and the <code>ncurses</code> library for the Text User 
Interface (TUI). This will require you to lookup things related to 
<code>ncurses</code> and apply your knowledge of object oriented programming.

Part of software development is being given a goal but not necessarily being 
given instruction on all of the details needed to accomplish that goal. For 
example, even though the <code>ncurses</code> library hasn't been covered in 
class, in order to complete this project you are going to need to lookup how to 
create TUIs using <code>ncurses</code>. Furthermore, since <code>ncurses</code>
is a C library (and not a C++ library), you're going to need to take special
care that you are still using C++ best practices and exercising concepts related
to object oriented programming. For example, you may wish to create multiple
classes in order to better organize your code base.

## Functional Requirements

## Non-Functional Requirements

## Extra Credit Opportunity

## Skeleton Code

## Project Structure

## Submission Instructions

You will be submitting your project via <code>nike</code>. Make sure your work 
is on <code>nike.cs.uga.edu</code> in a directory called 
<code>LastName-FirstName-p1</code>, and, from within the parent directory, 
execute the following command:

    $ submit LastName_FirstName-p1 cs1730a

It is also a good idea to email a copy to yourself. To do this, simply execute 
the following command, replacing the email address with your email address:

    $ tar zcvf LastName-FirstName-p1.tar.gz LastName-FirstName-p1
    $ mutt -s "[cs1302] p1" -a LastName-FirstName-p1.tar.gz -- your@email.com < /dev/null

## Questions

If you have any questions, please post them on Piazza.

